# Portfolio

Hello and welcome to my portfolio page, my name is Artem Budkin.

I am an aspiring data analyst eager to learn something new every day. I love to discover and learn how things work, and the best way to learn it is to try it. This drives me to experiment and learn new things by creating projects. That is why this portfolio is just like my data knowledge, constantly evolving and expanding. As I tackle new data challenges, their result gets documented in this portfolio to demonstrate my knowledge and skills gained.

# About me

Since a very young age, I always enjoyed solving puzzles and engineering things. Back in school, I started learning Python programming language and one of the first projects that I developed, was an algorithm to cipher and decipher texts using Vigenère cipher.
My passion led me to choose Forensic Science, majoring in Digital Forensics at the University of Technology Sydney. During my study, I was introduced to data analysis from the perspective of forensic science. I sharpened my Excel and Python skills  as well as learned how to utilize machine learning techniques for forensic data analysis. This gave me a solid foundation in data analysis that I further developed.

## Professional career

In my current role as Assistant Operations Manager at Merivale, I manage our digital ordering platform and point-of-sales system. Through my time in this role, I learned how to utilize the data generated by both systems to make data-driven decisions that make a direct impact on the business. As a part of my responsibilities, I collect, analyze, and present data-driven insights to relevant stakeholders. Based on these insights, I make informative actions that have a direct impact on the business performance. These actions have resulted in a 50% increase in sales on our digital ordering platform and an increase in product upsells through various categories by 10%. Additionally, I proactively develop new data visualizations to provide our venue with unique perspectives on sales data. Collaborating closely with business stakeholders, I continuously improve the visualizations based on their feedback and needs. 

# Projects


# Certifications
<p>( "Microsoft Certified: Power BI Data Analyst Associate" https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-au/ArtemBudkin-1970/D8273833A899B3A3?sharingId=9CC4BB76E761D5AC) (July, 2024) - Microsoft <br>
[Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-au/ArtemBudkin-1970/32A4D71399C67A3F?sharingId=9CC4BB76E761D5AC) (May, 2024) - Microsoft <br>
[Splunk Core Certified Power User](https://www.credly.com/badges/dcc5e5da-88aa-41ae-993a-9aabe83ffe09/linked_in?t=sc0dzl) (April, 2024) - Splunk </p>

# Contact details
My LinkedIn - [@artembudkin](www.linkedin.com/in/artem-budkin-516b291aa)
My email - artem.budkin65@gmail.com
